Title: Code todo

Section: Bugs
Topic: Camera viewport topleft isn't used

Topic: Assert_container in Entity_manager is not in working condition

Section: Tasks
Here's what we've got planned.

Topic: Long running scripts
	When for instance using an item that triggers a cutscene
	Register script function in Game
	Game keeps calling registered lua functions every update until they return the "I'm finished" return value.

Topic: Inventory menu
	Info about item on mouseover
	Equip with a click, right click to bind to right mouse button, left to bind to left.
	Use/Drop item, low prio, this is not in design

Topic: Entity Set_size
	Circle size for collision

Topic: Basic combat
	Entities need to be attackable.

Topic: Entity templates
	We could do a .etf (entity template file) format.
	Using the same method as <entity> loading in .map files,
	but save the attributes under template names that can be referenced
	by entities that are loaded later.

Topic: Player special equipment
	These should be scripted right? Make sure it can be done.

	Jetpack - skip checking if you're over a hole or electric floor or something
		as long as the pack is equipped and firing.
		draw player a few pixels higher.
	Grenade - 3D in drawing only; it arcs. "That's a call to calc_spline(). No complexity."

Topic: Animated tiles
	Implement in Tileset class and the .tileset file

Topic: Variable animation frame times
	Right now all frames in an animation has the same frame time. We might want to have different times for each frame.

Topic: Default animation
	When loading an animation set, a default animation should be set.

Topic: Camera effect scripts
	Stuff like shaking, rotating etc could be supported. Low priority.
	(The Rumble feature in the camera class should be replaced with a script.)

Topic: Make player move to correct entrypoint when a map is loaded

Topic: Font resource
	Now there's a Get_font function in Game. That's rather limited, we should have a better way to handle fonts.

Topic: Handle complex collision situations better
